[WAF] Improve linking between API and Terraform (#21741)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/terraform/additional-configurations/waf-custom-rules.mdx

For more information on configuring and deploying custom rulesets, refer to [Work with custom rulesets](/ruleset-engine/custom-rulesets/) in the Ruleset Engine documentation.

## More resources

- [Malicious uploads detection: Add a custom rule blocking malicious uploads](/waf/detections/malicious-uploads/terraform-examples/#add-a-custom-rule-blocking-malicious-uploads)

> - [Leaked credentials detection: Add a custom rule challenging requests with leaked credentials](/waf/detections/leaked-credentials/terraform-examples/#add-a-custom-rule-challenging-requests-with-leaked-credentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Leaked credentials detection: Add a custom rule to challenge requests with leaked credentials](/waf/detections/leaked-credentials/terraform-examples/#add-a-custom-rule-to-challenge-requests-with-leaked-credentials)
```
